Gu Sijun
Five years.
I've wanted to marry you for five years
But now.
I may really have to change the owner for you.
Doudou
Uncle, I wear a facial mask to choose a wedding dress.
Wedding dresses are all here
See for yourself
Hey Lulu
Isn't this the wedding dress you prepared for yourself?
Why are you here?
I brought it over if I couldn't put it down at home
This is the first wedding dress you designed yourself
If you don't want it, carve me a wedding dress
Forget it, this wedding dress has a special meaning to you
I don't want it.
I'll try something else.
Why is my uncle free to come here?
Miaomiao gets married
Business is back
I heard from Miaomiao that you studied wedding dress design in college
How do you want to learn this?
Because I feel like wearing my own wedding dress
Marry the person you like
It's a happy thing.
Nuonuo, come here
I'll go there first
Miaomiao, you look so good in your wedding dress.
Lulu
Do you still like him?